
Mike Zamansky has spent the past 23 years teaching computer science at the high school level. During that time, Mike has taught students ranging from at risk populations to extremely gifted. He has developed individual courses and multi year sequences. The computer science program Mike Devloped and implemented at Stuyvesant High School is considered by many to be the finest in the country. 

Mike has also trained numeous teachers over the course of his career and was one of the original developers of Google's CAPE program. 

Mike has both a Bachelors and Masters degree in computer science awarded by the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University.


Samuel Konstantinovich is currently a Computer Science Teacher at Stuyvesant High School. He is also involved with Google's CAPE program as a Lead Faculty; there he helps shape the exciting summer program designed to excite eighth graders about computer science as a career. He is a native New Yorker that is enthusiastic about and dedicated to promoting computer science education. 

Mr. Konstantinovich holds bachelors degrees in both Computer Science and Applied Mathematics from Stonybrook University, and a masters in Education and Special Education from Touro College. Earlier in his career he taught at Francis Lewis High School where he collaborated with other school's computer science teachers to develop curricula. There he was able to expand the computer science program, as well as help organize the school's FIRST Robotics team.  


After receiving a Bachelor's Degree from Columbia University, JonAlf Dyrland-Weaver was accepted to the New York City Teaching Fellows Program. While with the Fellows, JonAlf taught math and computer science at Brandeis High School and earned his Master's Degree from The City College of New York. While at Brandeis, he worked with Pace University and the Department of Education to create a pilot program to teach computer forensics to at risk high school students.For the past 5 years, JonAlf has been teaching computer science at Stuyvesant High School. Over the past three years, JonAlf has helped create and teach Google's CAPE (Computing And Programming Experience) program, designed to bring computer science to gifted middle school students.


Jennifer is a Stuyvesant HS and UCLA graduate and currently works in residential real estate with Keller Williams NYC. Exposure to CS in HS has prepared her for this important dialogue in a pivotal field and provided her with multiple opportunities to participate in ambitious computer science programming in the community. 

Jennifer came from the nonprofit world where she was Director of Operations for a STEM education nonprofit that inspired undeserved youth to participate in activities related to science and engineering. Before this she consulted for major international organizations, such as UNICEF and the Episcopal Church of New York. She is very active in the nonprofit world and also volunteers for Habitat for Humanity Global Village, where she leads groups once a year to build a home in a distant and beautiful corner of the world with the hope of reducing poverty one household at a time.


Artie Jordan is the IT Director for 2tor, Inc., an education services company that partners with preeminent institutions of higher education to deliver rigorous, selective degree programs online to students globally. He began his career as a consultant for an IT support startup servicing the greater Chicago area, and later worked as a systems administrator for a private equity firm implementing CRM and telephony platforms. Before joining 2tor he led the nationwide rollout of voice over IP phone systems for the Obama For America presidential campaign as a member of the headquarters IT team, and had the honor of being invited to work on the Obama-Biden Presidential Transition Project in Washington, DC as a member of the interim operations team. Prior to CSTUY he also served on the Board of Directors for Emergency Communities, a non-profit created after Hurricane Katrina that provided relief services to residents and emergency responders in Mississippi and Louisiana. Artie is a strong believer in the transformative potential of computer science education at the high school level, both to inspire the next generation of computer science professionals and to better prepare students for non-CS career paths in the information economy of the 21st century.

